[Music]
Yeah, I love you. I'm in a funk, so I
bought a bouquet of roses and cut them
up at your doorstep. Your new
neighborhood is gorgeous. I paid a lot
of money for the fragrances you were
dating, and I sold some lemonade just to
afford them. I know it's not a really
good occasion to be barging in. I
couldn't help but watch you kiss her by
the kitchen sink. I swung the door open,
tippy toeed, farther in. I wasn't
crying, I was staring and forgot to
blink. She saw me standing by the TV and
she wouldn't stop screaming. So I tried
to be discreet and told her, "Calm your
tits." She grabbed the kitchen knife. So
I pulled out the blick and got it all
the time. Thank God I did for this cuz
she was seeing bread and all I saw was
you. It happened in the flash. When she
charged at me, y'all crisscross, saw her
fall to the floor. Then you paused and
in horror that shot wasn't
for it.
[Music]